c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\MyWebSite.dll.config
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\MyWebSite.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\MyWebSite.pdb
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\obj\Debug\MyWebSite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\obj\Debug\MyWebSite.dll
c:\users\lab\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\obj\Debug\MyWebSite.pdb
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\MyWebSite.dll.config
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\MyWebSite.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\MyWebSite.pdb
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\obj\Debug\MyWebSite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\obj\Debug\MyWebSite.dll
D:\lab10\lab10\MyWebSite\MyWebSite\obj\Debug\MyWebSite.pdb
